TITLE, on black background

	       fade to 
		 ||
		 ||
		\  /
		 \/

BG moving/stationary (?) --> voice over, custom definition of time, all theories

Blooper --> transition

Continuation:
	- time travel definition: -> concept of moving an object, or even a person between 
				     ceartain points in time, be it future or past.
				  -> basically, it refers to an ability of visiting 
				     past events or actions, even interact with them.

	- why it would be possible under ceartain circumstances --> future:
				  -> Let's say we would want to travel somewhere in the future;
				  -> Time dilation dictates that, the closer we get to the speed
				     of light, the slower time would move, compared to a stationary observer.
				  -> So, that would mean that, if you travelled at a high velocity for a period of time
				     you would return in the "future", because you would percieve a slower "time" than on
	 			     Earth for example. So, that's one way that shows how future time travel would be possible, among all the other theories, this is the most realistic.
					 
	- why it isn't possible: - for future: Although it seems easy to do (Just go fast, right???), it actually takes a lot more than just the 
										   thought of somehow getting a rocket to just "go fast". The speed of light, almost 300 million meters per second
										   would make it impossible for any living being, made out of more than just one atom (although it might be impossible
										   even for one atom), would get disintegrated. BUT! Progress is slow, although there is progress.
										   Who knows what the future will bring? Maybe there will be a way, someday, to keep our shape, while travelling at a 
										   very high velocity. We can only imagine.
	
	
	
				 - for past: So far, we've mostly talked about the future. That's for good reason, because it is kinda the only one that could be possible
				 			 without crazy parallel universe theories. Hear me out.
							 To travel in the past, in our current universe, would be a paradox. You would simply negate your existence, because
							 in any point of the past, your "present" self is inexistent. None of that scuffed movie "My mom tried to hook up with me
							 instead of my dad" stuff. (If you get that refference, kudos)
							 
							 But, if a ceartain theory would be proven to be true, a whole array of possibilities would open. That ceartain theory revolves 
							 around the existence of multiple alternate universes, happening in tandem, with different timelines, and endless possibilities.
							 That's space is called a Multiverse, and you probably have heard of it from multiple movies or TV shows *gulp and burp*. 
							 (Kudos if you get that one too). 
							 
							 So what does time travel in the past and the multiverse theory have to do with each other? Wormholes. Defined as a link between
							 different points in spacetime, it would be the main ways of "travel" in time. Hear me out.
							 
							 Let's consider our universe. It's the same one we live in, no differences. Okay, good, now consider a clone of our universe,
							 BUT it's happening in the past. Does that make sense? *shrug* Basically, when we're in 2021, they're in 1951, for example.
							 
							 Here's where a wormhole comes in. Let's say two areas between those two universes are linked together with a wormhole. 
							 If you could travel between those two points, you would be travelling in the past. Although it's not your universe's past,
							 it would be a clone of that. No paradoxes, no negation of your existence, no dissapearing.
							 
							 Anything you would be doing in there would have no repercussions on your current universe (unless... some version of you
							 would travel to your universe and do the exact things you did...)
							 
							 A REALLY good Netflix show that is on this topic is Dark. I reccomend it with my whole heart, it's really good, and 
							 it has moments where you just sit there, in awe, at the plot twists, or different revelations. 
							 
							 Sic Mundus Creatus Est.
							 

Conclusion - happy, optimistic, could be possible in the future, given the right
								 circumstances



		- To sum up, even though I would love to have the opportunity to travel freely through time and space and be a part of the greatest historical moments or just relive some of my favorite memories,
		 at the moment we are not ready for such a discovery. 
		This fact is mostly based on our still limited knowledge of the subject, on the unbearable number of unanswered questions and the complexity of the possible paradoxes.
		 But this lack of knowledge doesn’t mean it is impossible, just think about all the discoveries that revolutionized our lives and almost no one believed in them at the beginning.
		 We are really optimistic that, in the future, if given the right circumstances and the right technology, time travel will be something normal and everybody will benefit from it. 
		This could be somewhat compared to how flying was considered impossible until somebody actually did it.



Fade to black, roll credits

Fin.




























